Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, I have a small news to
announce. I would like to introduce myself
as the new narrator for our future videos.
I hope that you can enjoy my narration
as much as the previous videos.
Thank you, and enjoy the video!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2012
Korean Heist Comedy movie, called The Thieves.
This movie tells the story of 2 gangs of thieves
who join forces under a leader, to steal a
diamond from a notorious arms dealer. Since
they have an unpleasant past with one another,
their plan is full of trickeries and betrayal.
So, how will they steal the diamond? Who will
escape with the prize? Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with Conwoman and Walker,
disguised as mother and daughter, who visit a
gallery to meet the Owner. Walker has been dating
the Owner for months to gain information. Conwoman
asks to look around the facility under the
pretense of assessing her soon-to-be son-in-law.
The Owner agrees and invites her to his private
fault. After they left, Walker readies herself for
the action. Outside of the building, Popeye and
the Operator have set up wire for the Walker to
break in. Walker climbs the building and breaks
in through the vents. In the exhibition room,
Conwoman records the beeping sound of the lock
with a decoder and hides it inside the room.
She also sticks chewing gum to the laser sensor
to block the detector. Walker gets inside the
room and looks for the decoder. She quickly enters
the vault, swaps the art with a fake, and leaves.
When they get into the room, Walker is already
there to greet them back. After some time,
the alarm goes off due to the gum. Owner rushes to
the vault to find the gum and the fake art piece.
He asks the guards to check Conwoman’s
belongings but nothing is found inside. While
they are leaving the building, the stolen art is
hauled with a wire and Popeye carries it away.
In the hideout, they sell the art to a Black
Marketer. Suddenly, the police arrive to check
the place. Popeye greets them while the others
hide. The police come looking for the stolen
art and suspects Popeye since he has been
convicted for a similar case in the past.
Afraid of the police, they decide to flee to
China, to join a heist led by a Korean master
thief named Park. They also invite a convicted
Safecracker who was recently released on parole.
Turns out, Popeye and Safecracker used to work
for Park but they despise him for deceiving them.
In Hong Kong, they meet the Chinese
who will also join the team.
Conman is the leader of the gang, and the other
three are Flirty, Smuggler, and a safecracker
named Julie. Since they don’t trust the other
team, they diss the others with their own
language, hoping that no one will understand
them. Flirty teases Walker over and over.
Seeing this, Operator who fell in
love with Walker fends him away.
Suddenly, Park enters the room to brief them. Park
reveals the target to be the Tear of the Sun, a
valuable diamond in the possession of Tiffany, the
mistress of a powerful crime lord named Wei Hong.
The plan is to steal the diamond while Tiffany
is visiting a casino in Macau, and to sell it
back to Wei Hong, a risky venture seeing that Wei
Hong is known for murdering whoever offends him.
Hesitant at first, everyone agrees after finding
out that the diamond is worth $20 million.
Popeye reveals to Park that Conwoman
and Safecracker will also join the team.
Park agrees for Conwoman to join, but rejects
Safecracker due to their past. The next day,
they meet the Informant who is also Tiffany’s step
sister. She says that the diamond is kept inside
one of the two vaults in a hotel suite. Thermal
imaging cameras cover every corner of the floor.
Moreover, magnetic field which is synced to
Tiffany’s heart pacemaker secures the door,
so no one can get inside but her. Before they
leave, Julie puts a bug inside Park’s lighter.
Turns out, Julie is actually undercover
police hoping to arrest Wei Hong through Park.
As Park is resting, he recollects
his past. 4 years ago, Park, Popeye,
and Safecracker worked together in a gold heist.
Park and Safecracker loved each other back then.
When Park was escaping, his wire snapped. Trying
to save her lover, Safecracker ran back inside and
exposed herself to the CCTV. Turns out, Park ran
away with the gold, leaving the rest empty handed.
Suddenly, Safecracker enters the room to
negotiate, and Park lets her join the heist.
She also steals the diamond’s buyer list and
shares it with Popeye. They have purchased a fake
one to swap it after the heist. Meanwhile outside,
Walker has been eavesdropping about their scheme.
Having set the trap, Popeye recalls the incident
from 4 years ago. Turns out, Popeye was the one
who cut Park’s wire. He wanted to frame him but
was surprised to know that the gold was with him.
Having lost her lover, Safecracker fell into
drinking and decided to turn herself in. Popeye
used the chance to make out with her back then.
The next day, the team prepares their plan. Conman
and Conwoman will act as a Japanese couple
to keep Tiffany accompanied in the casino.
Smuggler will also bet the same amount against
them to break-even. Flirty will be a player who
surveys the premises. Popeye will be the eye
on Tiffany while she is outside the casino.
At night, Walker and Operator visit a bar to get
the master key from the casino’s General Manager.
However, the GM is actually a gay
and flirts with Operator instead.
They swap their role and copy the key’s data
to make a duplicate. In order to smuggle the
gun brought by Smuggler, they bribe an Old Man
who works as a cleaning service. In the hideout,
Safecracker and Julie are practicing their skills.
They have different styles, Safecracker usually
uses drills and hooks to open the vault,
while Julie trusts her ears and fingers.
Meanwhile, Conman shares with the Chinese
team that he doesn’t trust Park and the
plan is bound to fail, so they plan to steal
Tiffany’s betting cash during the action.
In the morning, they set everything up in
place. Park and Popeye made a commotion to
divert the CCTV from Operator, while he set
up the wire equipment for Walker to break in.
Due to the commotion, Park is blacklisted from the
casino. Meanwhile, Safecracker also picks up the
fake diamond as she planned with Popeye. They plan
to run away using a boat but Popeye only booked
for 1 person instead of 2. In the guest suite,
Conman and Conwoman spend their time together.
Conman reveals that he and his partner stole
the Tear of the Sun and sold it to Wei Hong in
Busan. His partner was killed and he only
received $1 thousand from the purchase.
Conwoman comforts him and they fall in love. After
they make out, Walker comes in to get into action.
The couple get back to the table to stall Tiffany.
While Walker is climbing to sneak into Tiffany’s
suite, Popeye, Julie, and Safecracker wear
special coats to avoid the thermal detector.
Flirty and Smuggler hijack the surveillance
room and turn off the main power.
Walker uses metal pieces to connect the magnetic
field on Tiffany’s door, so that the alarm doesn’t
go off. Julie and Safecracker are tasked to open
the vaults. However, they don’t find the diamond
inside any of the vaults. On the casino table,
Conman brings out his gun to steal Tiffany’s cash.
Outside, the police are ready to capture them with
tips from Julie. Suddenly, the Informant delivers
Park’s lighter which was bugged by Julie. After
knowing that they are fooled, the police rush
into the building to seize them. Turns out, the
diamond is kept inside another vault and Park,
who disguises himself as the Old Man, opens
it and flees. The Informant who claimed to
be Tiffany’s step sister is a con artist hired by
Park. Suddenly, the team members receive a message
from Park saying that he will be meeting with Wei
Hong alone. After realizing that it is a trap,
they scatter and run off on their own. Walker is
suspected due to her inability to speak Chinese.
Out of his love for Walker, Operator sacrifices
himself and is captured. Conman stays true to
his love and escapes with Conwoman. However,
they get into an accident and die. The rest
of the members are also caught. Popeye, Flirty,
and Safecracker are transported to the prison.
Safecracker uses her lock picking
skill to unlock the others’ handcuffs.
During the panic, her tools are thrown
away and one of her cuffs is still locked.
The car fell into the sea leaving her trapped
inside the drowning car. Fortunately, Park comes
and saves her. She wakes up on a poolside with
a mysterious key from Park. She meets with the
other surviving members and they plan to steal the
diamond from Park. Meanwhile, the police are on
Park’s tail, waiting to arrest him and Wei Hong.
They hear that Park is meeting Wei Hong in Busan,
in 3 days. They also ask the Korean
police to help them with the effort.
The team arrives in Hong Kong to get
Park’s whereabouts from the Informant.
They find out that she is living in a
hotel in Busan and go there right away.
After being threatened, she spills Park’s
whereabouts to them. Meanwhile, Park comes to the
agreed place to meet Wei Hong while the police
watch every move he makes. On the other hand,
Flirty enters the building and jams the elevator,
while the rest of the team disguise themselves
as the elevator service. They break into Park’s
room while Informant keeps Park away from them.
Safecracker gets a hint from one of Park’s calls
and finds the diamond in another room. Informant
asks Park about the incident 4 years ago and
Park admits that he didn’t plan on running away.
He broke his legs and crawled to the hideout, but
found Safecracker and Popeye making out instead.
He also reveals that Popeye alone betrayed him
because Popeye loves Safecracker and wants to
take her away. After that, Park realizes that
Informant is bugged and comes back to his room.
Safecracker who hears all of Park’s confession,
falls in love with him once more and leaves the
diamond. Then, Walker breaks into the room and
finds the diamond. She swaps it with the fake
one and leaves. Meanwhile, Wei Hong’s man
and Park make contact and go to his room.
While the diamond is being appraised, Park reveals
to Wei Hong that he stole the diamond for revenge.
Turns out, Conman’s partner who was killed
by Wei Hong is actually Park’s father.
The diamond is identified as fake and Park
escapes with the money. The SWAT team also
joins the brawl to arrest Wei Hong, and a gunfight
breaks out. Meanwhile, Walker tosses the diamond
to Popeye and escapes too. Park falls on top
of the elevator and Popeye tries to kill him.
Park fights back and wins. However,
he pities him and doesn’t retaliate.
He escapes in a police car to a ferry pier. Popeye
tries to run away with the diamond alone but is
chased by Flirty. During the chase, the diamond
falls and breaks after a motorcycle runs over it.
Turns out, Walker has prepared another fake
version and swaps it with the real one.
She uses her charm on the police and
escapes the building easily. In the pier,
Park meets Safecracker and comes to her. However,
he realizes that Wei Hong is nearby and flees.
Julie comes in and tries to arrest Safecracker.
Seeing this, Park reveals himself to lure Wei
Hong out. Julie quickly chases Wei
Hong instead and shoots him twice.
In the end, Safecracker finds the stolen
gold from 4 years ago inside her car’s trunk,
using the mysterious key from Park. Walker
is in Hong Kong, trying to find a buyer for
the diamond. Safecracker invites her to meet a
potential buyer who is actually the gallery Owner.
Walker flees and drowns herself in the pool.
Park calls Safecracker and says that he is also
in Hong Kong to steal an item for one last time.
Safecracker finds out that Walker’s hotel bill
has been paid by an old man, indicating that Park
is there for the real Tear of the Sun. Meanwhile,
Walker is still holding her breath, without
knowing that her prize is being taken away.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.